---
layout: post
title:  "Starting Fresh"
date:   2016-10-20 00:00:00 -0700,
img: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1466201276674-c06f9bf24323?ixlib=rb-0.3.5&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&s=dd279aabc8bc8fb94bc0afa62828536b"
---

I'm starting fresh.

**I have no idea what this means.**

---

However, I do know a few things about what's going on. Let's talk about them.

## Clients

The past few months have been a blur to me. It's been a pretty insane grind, but it's all been worth it. Balancing this with other commitments becomes a burden, but it's something that I have a passion for and I really don't mind. I've been enjoying work more than ever, and it's great to be able to move some Trello cards after a boring day at school.

## School

My family moved. A new school. For anyone that's pretty terrifying. It can also be very rewarding, and you can use it to your advantage. For example, new friends. I've fit myself into a totally different group of friends at my new high school. Not to discredit my old friends, but sometimes a change can be interesting. At the same time, it can also be little depressing. I miss many of the friends that I had at my old school. Even though I still live only a 45 minute drive away from my old house, I still find it frustrating that I can't spend more time with them.

## Moving

Moving has been awesome—to say the least. It's been quite a change, but honestly that change is for the better. I've moved into much closer proximity to downtown Denver which makes working downtown on the weekends a breeze. Where I used to live, it was difficult to get around without a car, just because of the fact that it's suburb. Here, I can bike or ride a bus almost everywhere.

That's the recap, but I can't honestly tell you much about how things may or may not end up. All I can tell you is that it's going to be an interesting journey.

**Let's begin.**
